It is said that something is not enough
Hi hello
Today I think it 's a long time since it's been a while but I'm thinking of sushi
I'd have taken that we have taken quite recently in this in the universe
I was not enough
What do you think it is
That's it
It's Tamoyaa masochist There is here
small
I have two in such a feeling
I This is also hanging things did not was
It is a lens hood end number movie night
Something does not feel facing before hey come
Familiar So you lens wearing me it is a good w 73 b of this Cannon
It is a kit lens but this today 's 11 b 230 5 mm of this stm
Why lens
Everyone 70 If you have a date , I think it's probably the food you usually use
But I want to install this
Then I think I want to open a little
To the One I was'll be a tape to this hero
Has entered
It's just that already
Yes tw 73 b cat flower shaped guy
Or what Gates for I nex 5 r is a cormorant I
I'm the star food for the first time is what Nde was a step in the normal Manma
I would like to install this in
It had entered
Something
It became camera building answer, but camera building camera summer sail
This kind of thing is kind of unusual condition
I was using
I wonder if it feels good
But yes
It is natural, but it will be difficult to attach the cap a little
Good but good
It was a little cool, and it was perfect self- satisfaction
It is a lens hood in this state odd xc 6 Ain it is today in the fact that love
Takano genuine
Lens hood w 73 b
Say it won
It was a story
Thank you again and look again
If you have a computer, please click this button.
Please give me
doublet and one person of the smartphone thank you from the registration button below